[COMSUP-233] Add waiting room guide (#973)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/edge_functions/example_waiting_room.md

<ExampleButtons
  title="Waiting Room"
  siteUrl="https://edgio-community-examples-v7-edge-functions-live.edgio.link/example/upstash-database"
  repoUrl="https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-examples/tree/main/examples/v7-edge-functions"
/>

## Router Configuration {/* router-configuration */}

In the {{ PRODUCT }} router, you can use the `edge_function` feature to specify the path to the edge function that will handle the waiting room.

```js filename="routes.js"
import {Router, edgioRoutes} from '@edgio/core';

export default new Router()
  .use(edgioRoutes)

  .match('/:path*', {
    edge_function: './edge-functions/main.js',
  });
```

## Edge Function {/* edge-function */}

The edge function will be responsible for determining whether the request should be allowed to proceed, or whether it should be queued for later processing. In this example, we will use Upstash to store the number of active sessions, and to determine whether the current user is active.

<Callout type="info">

> The following sample code contains references to imports not documented in the guide. You can find the full source code for these functions in the [example repository](https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-examples/tree/main/examples/v7-edge-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample code contains `import` declarations that are not documented in this guide. View the full source code for these functions from within the [edgio-examples repository](https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-examples/tree/main/examples/v7-edge-functions).
```
